proprioceptive neuromuscular
facilitation or just PNF stretching
every institution in paper does it
slightly differently so it's not well
defined but it usually has some
variation of a passive stretch then an
active stretch where you're flexing the
muscles involved and then an antagonist
Flex where you're flexing the opposite
side of the muscles while you stretch
the antagonist contraction makes use of
something called reciprocal inhibition
basically when this flexes this relaxes
which in theory makes it way easier to
stretch I don't do PNF stretching every
single time but in my experience active
stretching can help bust you through
plateaus PNF stretching is just one type
of active stretching so when you stop
making progress find a way to activate
the muscle while you stretch it and that
should help stay flexy